Clarify instructions for Snowflake OAuth (#7968)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/snowflake-external-oauth.md

   - The **jwks_uri** field maps to the `external_oauth_jws_keys_url` field in Snowflake.
3. Navigate to the resource server in previous steps.
   - The **Application ID URI** maps to the `external_oauth_audience_list` field in Snowflake.

> 4. Run the configurations. You need both an Entra ID admin and a data warehouse admin to complete the setup. These roles don’t need to be the same user, as long as they coordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the configurations. You need both an Entra ID admin and a data warehouse admin to complete the setup. If these admins are not the same person, they should work together to complete the configuration.
```

> 4. Run the configurations. You need both an Entra ID admin and a data warehouse admin to complete the setup. These roles don’t need to be the same person &mdash; as long as they coordinate.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Run the configurations. You need both an Entra ID admin and a data warehouse admin to complete the setup. These roles don’t need to be the same user, as long as they coordinate.
```
